Spelling: Component license (#4155)
WeblateOrg/weblate: weblate/templates/mail/component_license_subject.txt

{% load i18n %}
{% autoescape off %}

> {% blocktrans %}The license of the component {{ component }} was changed to {{ target }}{% endblocktrans %}

Author: ```suggestion
{% blocktrans %}The {{ component }} component was re-licensed to {{ target }}{% endblocktrans %}
```
